iAPI Docs: The first three Core Concepts guides (#63759)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/reference-guides/interactivity-api/core-concepts/README.md

# Core Concepts

> This section provides some guides on important concepts and mental models related to the Int block development. Use the following links to learn more:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides some guides on important concepts and mental models related to Interactivity API development. Use the following links to learn more:
```
